Apply predict in akde when error=TRUE

store fixed error in data
store fixed reml ll in data
  log(det(U%*%U)) not included in ctmm.loglike (precompute in ctmm.fit for fixed U)
  This really needs to be in ctmm.loglike if you expect people to use this function -- feed it through like mean.vec
ctmm.fit PARS==0 REML=TRUE
don't delete mean off of IOU and BM... need that to Krige I think
IOU with drift not setup correctly

effect of errors on variogram, variogram.fit ?

summary on z-axis ctmm.fit might be buggy

stray points in occurrence when correlation < cor.min

sort.ctmm
sort.list
name.ctmm
name.generic

zoom.telemetry x,y offset clicker

global variable for units of current plot?

proj4: email about making north up
plot N vector in corner

dogleg splines
  degree = 1,2?
  migration = times?
  settlement = times?

generalize Gaussian area?
  UDs for both mean and population
  homerange(method=normal)
time/tube plot 
periodic plot.ctmm

periodic simulate.telemetry (not pure ctmm)
periodic smoother (velocity vector--check)
periodic akde...

periodic vignette: periodogram, ctmm.select

model option vignette
IID, OU, OUF, (an)isotropic table in vignette

fixed circulation option?
Fixed period parameters during fitting?

3d periodogram, ctmm.fit, krige, kde

simulate nsim in both unconditioned and conditionedb by storing all objects
multiple conditional simulations loop
More efficient sampler/smoother: 
store propagator results for all time-lags
store forecast/concurrent estimates
call vectorized RNG

Include telemetry errors in unconditional simulation?
krige -> predict

cross variogram

Newton-Raphson iteration at end of ctmm.fit for solution check on optim

AKDE vignette: DOF.H, DOF.mu

plot options: cex, type, abrv

AKDE with errors, weights
akde with user-specified grid (and projection)

residual acf versus data acf with correct confidence intervals for no autocorrelation null hypothesis

multi-scale variogram bias correction
variogram & periodogram: coarsening window method to avoid all bias

population fitting without correlation
population fit of list
population akde of lists

optional columns with NAs are being discarded
or maybe report if NAs are discarded?

Lapack GE solve -> Lapack PO/SY solve.

as.telemetry option: minimal columns, maximum columns, specified columns to keep

plot.UD without telemetry (generalize)
plot.telemetry error transparency

overload: print, str

MoveStack import to list of telemetry objects

profile CIs

contour labels in plot ctmm

Email ks author about inaccuracy

Repeated times in variograms -- account for as error -- fix cap

dplyr, rolling for loops

fixed mean parameter for boundary issues